zuguide	2010-06-27 21:22:34	RT @simonpegg: Wish I&#39;d gone to the zoo and spunked on a big cat. Would have been a more fulfilling afternoon. Bad luck England, well played Germany.
zuguide	2012-01-22 21:48:56	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Dungarvan,Ireland for 66 seconds at http://t.co/xCy9BIaV on zuguide
zuguide	2012-01-03 01:05:02	Someone watched Grown Ups movie trailer in Toledo,OH for 87 seconds at http://t.co/TuaHCwS8 on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-07-20 14:59:28	Someone watched Failure to Launch movie trailer in Warsaw,Poland for 78 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Failure-to-Launch.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-07-20 11:09:41	Someone watched Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back movie trailer in Warsaw,Poland at http://zuguide.com/Jay-and-Silent-Bob-Strike-Back.html
zuguide	2011-07-20 10:27:30	Someone watched Cleopatra movie trailer in Rzeszow,Poland for 198 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cleopatra.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-16 17:08:27	Someone watched Penelope movie trailer in   Lithuania for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Penelope.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-16 16:58:56	Someone watched Batman Begins movie trailer in   Sweden for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Batman-Begins.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:53:10	Someone watched Serpico movie trailer in Kuala Lumpur,Malaysia for 250 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Serpico.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:43:47	Someone watched A View to a Kill movie trailer in Bridgetown,Barbados for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-View-to-a-Kill.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:41:30	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Phoenix,AZ for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:39:48	Someone watched Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves movie trailer in Santiago,Chile at http://zuguide.com/Robin-Hood-Prince-of-Thieves.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:37:54	Someone watched The Outlaw Josey Wales movie trailer in Lutherville Timonium,MD at http://zuguide.com/The-Outlaw-Josey-Wales.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:30:03	Someone watched Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/Deuce-Bigalow-Male-Gigolo.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:11:09	Someone watched Ghost World movie trailer in   Indonesia for 88 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-World.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:07:45	Someone watched The Exorcism of Emily Rose movie trailer in Lethbridge,Canada at http://zuguide.com/The-Exorcism-of-Emily-Rose.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:02:23	Someone watched The Night of the Hunter movie trailer in Saint Paul,MN for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Night-of-the-Hunter.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 20:00:52	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Chicago,IL for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:58:38	Someone watched Remember the Titans movie trailer in San Jose,Costa Rica for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Remember-the-Titans.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:52:13	Someone watched Of Love and Shadows movie trailer in Ho Chi Minh City,Vietnam at http://zuguide.com/Of-Love-and-Shadows.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:49:08	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Jiddah,Saudi Arabia for 153 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:47:32	Someone watched The 13th Warrior movie trailer in Tiverton,United Kingdom for 114 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-13th-Warrior.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:45:24	Someone watched Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie trailer in Zagreb,Croatia at http://zuguide.com/Teenage-Mutant-Ninja-Turtles.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:25:01	Someone watched Corpse Bride movie trailer in Athens,Greece for 115 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Corpse-Bride.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:07:33	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Canonsburg,PA for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:05:41	Someone watched The Man with the Golden Gun movie trailer in Santa Monica,CA at http://zuguide.com/The-Man-with-the-Golden-Gun.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 19:03:53	Someone watched Y Tu Mama Tambien movie trailer in   Malaysia for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Y-Tu-Mama-Tambien.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:53:01	Someone watched The Village movie trailer in Quebec,Canada for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Village.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:51:01	Someone watched The Devil Wears Prada movie trailer in Scarborough,Canada for 108 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Devil-Wears-Prada.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:45:55	Someone watched Step Up 2 the Streets movie trailer in Amman,Jordan for 82 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Step-Up-2-the-Streets.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:41:54	Someone watched The Relic movie trailer in Springfield,MO for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Relic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:35:00	Someone watched Clerks. movie trailer in San Francisco,Philippines for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clerks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:33:25	Someone watched Rising Sun movie trailer in Ottersweier,Germany for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rising-Sun.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:31:16	Someone watched All About My Mother movie trailer in Moscow,Russian Federation at http://zuguide.com/All-About-My-Mother.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:29:42	Someone watched Dawn of the Dead movie trailer in The Pas,Canada for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dawn-of-the-Dead.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:23:48	Someone watched The Matrix Revolutions movie trailer in Buenos Aires,Argentina at http://zuguide.com/The-Matrix-Revolutions.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:21:24	Someone watched Diamonds Are Forever movie trailer in Dublin,Ireland for 219 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Diamonds-Are-Forever.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:19:40	Someone watched Tombstone movie trailer in Gladstone,VA for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Tombstone.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:16:33	Someone watched Pearl Harbor movie trailer in Burlington,MA for 162 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pearl-Harbor.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:14:33	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   United States for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:12:42	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in Hyderabad,India for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:10:19	Someone watched Lethal Weapon movie trailer in Amsterdam,Netherlands for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lethal-Weapon.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:08:32	Someone watched The Triplets of Belleville movie trailer in Chicago,IL at http://zuguide.com/The-Triplets-of-Belleville.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 18:05:26	Someone watched Bangkok Dangerous movie trailer in Athens,Greece for 118 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Bangkok-Dangerous.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 17:57:04	Someone watched Little Women movie trailer in Mitchell,SD for 166 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Little-Women.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 17:48:43	Someone watched Serpico movie trailer in Aurora,CO for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Serpico.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 17:36:54	Someone watched In America movie trailer in Zeeland,MI for 60 seconds at http://zuguide.com/In-America.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 17:34:01	Someone watched Inspector Gadget 2 movie trailer in Suceava,Romania for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Inspector-Gadget-2.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 17:16:45	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Los Angeles,CA for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:48:22	Someone watched Remember the Titans movie trailer in Bentonville,AR for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Remember-the-Titans.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:46:32	Someone watched John Tucker Must Die movie trailer in Naples,Italy for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/John-Tucker-Must-Die.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:44:14	Someone watched Dead Snow movie trailer in Buenos Aires,Argentina for 157 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dead-Snow.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:41:16	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Larnaca,Cyprus for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:39:17	Someone watched A Cinderella Story movie trailer in Izmir,Turkey for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Cinderella-Story.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:37:39	Someone watched Basic Instinct movie trailer in Wuppertal,Germany for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Basic-Instinct.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:34:58	Someone watched Bug movie trailer in Buenos Aires,Argentina for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Bug.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:31:07	Someone watched Baghead movie trailer in Buenos Aires,Argentina for 128 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Baghead.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:28:50	Someone watched The Fifth Element movie trailer in Vermont,Australia for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Fifth-Element.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:24:55	Someone watched The Merchant of Venice movie trailer in   Iraq for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Merchant-of-Venice.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:22:27	Someone watched Entrapment movie trailer in Bay De Verde,Canada for 106 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Entrapment.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:15:10	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   India for 145 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:07:34	Someone watched Borat movie trailer in Pennsville,NJ for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Borat.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:05:37	Someone watched Scream movie trailer in   Israel for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 16:03:26	Someone watched My Sister&#39;s Keeper movie trailer in   Tunisia for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/My-Sisters-Keeper.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:52:26	Someone watched The Jacket movie trailer in Athens,Greece for 133 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Jacket.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:40:18	Someone watched Priceless movie trailer in Ballina,Ireland for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Priceless.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:38:25	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Yerevan,Armenia for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:34:17	Someone watched Addams Family Values movie trailer in   Cape Verde for 117 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Addams-Family-Values.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:30:45	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Pakistan for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:12:34	Someone watched Les Miserables movie trailer in Podolsk,Russian Federation for 181 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Les-Miserables.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:08:48	Someone watched Jurassic Park III movie trailer in Kuala Lumpur,Malaysia for 65 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jurassic-Park-III.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:04:02	Someone watched London movie trailer in Campinas,Brazil for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/London.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 15:02:20	Someone watched The Uninvited movie trailer in Brampton,Canada for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Uninvited.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:56:30	Someone watched Scream 2 movie trailer in   Greece for 122 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:54:54	Someone watched Of Love and Shadows movie trailer in Zeist,Netherlands for 100 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Of-Love-and-Shadows.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:51:25	Someone watched Jumanji movie trailer in Santo Domingo,Dominican Republic for 114 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jumanji.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:49:51	Someone watched Taking Lives movie trailer in Rasht,Iran, Islamic Republic of for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Taking-Lives.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:47:16	Someone watched E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial movie trailer in   Korea, Republic of at http://zuguide.com/ET-the-Extra-Terrestrial.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:45:02	Someone watched Meet the Parents movie trailer in Reston,VA for 120 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Meet-the-Parents.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:41:09	Someone watched Jumanji movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jumanji.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:34:28	Someone watched Wilde movie trailer in Brabrand,Denmark for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wilde.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:15:33	Someone watched Office Space movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Office-Space.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:15:32	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in   United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:13:53	Someone watched E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial movie trailer in   Japan for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/ET-the-Extra-Terrestrial.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:08:01	Someone watched The Untouchables movie trailer in London,Canada for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Untouchables.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:04:07	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Jiddah,Saudi Arabia for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 14:02:18	Someone watched A Streetcar Named Desire movie trailer in Houston,TX for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Streetcar-Named-Desire.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 13:57:10	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Tunisia for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 13:55:15	Someone watched The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard movie trailer in Zagreb,Croatia at http://zuguide.com/The-Goods-Live-Hard-Sell-Hard.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 13:42:53	Someone watched Mallrats movie trailer in Sable-sur-sarthe,France for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mallrats.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 13:40:19	Someone watched The Whole Nine Yards movie trailer in Sable-sur-sarthe,France at http://zuguide.com/The-Whole-Nine-Yards.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 13:37:45	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in   Pakistan for 105 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:57:10	Someone watched The Day of the Jackal movie trailer in Bristol,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/The-Day-of-the-Jackal.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:54:20	Someone watched Batman Forever movie trailer in London,United Kingdom for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Batman-Forever.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:51:01	Someone watched The Bone Collector movie trailer in   Serbia for 95 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Bone-Collector.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:24:42	Someone watched Little Children movie trailer in Zonguldak,Turkey for 96 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Little-Children.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:19:10	Someone watched Diamonds Are Forever movie trailer in Johannesburg,South Africa at http://zuguide.com/Diamonds-Are-Forever.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:15:47	Someone watched AVP: Alien vs. Predator movie trailer in Woodbridge,VA for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/AVP-Alien-vs-Predator.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:10:57	Someone watched Eyes Wide Shut movie trailer in   United Kingdom for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Eyes-Wide-Shut.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 12:07:09	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in Nagpur,India for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:58:15	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Mishawaka,IN for 55 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:53:48	Someone watched The Blues Brothers movie trailer in Paris,France for 133 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Blues-Brothers.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:49:40	Someone watched The Iron Giant movie trailer in Wroclaw,Poland for 116 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Iron-Giant.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:48:10	Someone watched Gettysburg movie trailer in Saint Joseph,MI for 94 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gettysburg.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:46:18	Someone watched Perfume: The Story of a Murderer movie trailer in   Pakistan at http://zuguide.com/Perfume-The-Story-of-a-Murderer.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:37:53	Someone watched The Merchant of Venice movie trailer in Dubai,United Arab Emirates at http://zuguide.com/The-Merchant-of-Venice.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:34:57	Someone watched Sex and the City movie trailer in Riyadh,Saudi Arabia for 94 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Sex-and-the-City.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:32:13	Someone watched Hamlet movie trailer in Frankfurt Am Main,Germany for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hamlet.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:32:13	Someone watched A Cinderella Story movie trailer in Alchevsk,Ukraine for 111 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Cinderella-Story.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:16:55	Someone watched Lonely Hearts movie trailer in Orebro,Sweden for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lonely-Hearts.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:12:44	Someone watched Shrek 2 movie trailer in Bucharest,Romania for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Shrek-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:10:45	Someone watched Slums of Beverly Hills movie trailer in Berlin,Germany for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Slums-of-Beverly-Hills.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:07:40	Someone watched Wayne&#39;s World movie trailer in   Netherlands for 128 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Waynes-World.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:03:38	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in West Hoxton,Australia at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 11:01:04	Someone watched The Sandlot movie trailer in Farsala,Greece for 153 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Sandlot.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 10:59:03	Someone watched The Exorcism of Emily Rose movie trailer in Delhi,India at http://zuguide.com/The-Exorcism-of-Emily-Rose.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 10:46:37	Someone watched The Incredibles movie trailer in   Philippines for 120 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Incredibles.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 10:43:48	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in   Indonesia at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 10:41:05	Someone watched Commando movie trailer in Vienna,Austria for 97 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Commando.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 10:27:44	Someone watched The Rock movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan for 184 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Rock.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 10:14:38	Someone watched The Fugitive movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Fugitive.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:49:09	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Campoformido,Italy at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:44:36	Someone watched Cheaper by the Dozen 2 movie trailer in Johannesburg,South Africa at http://zuguide.com/Cheaper-by-the-Dozen-2.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:42:14	Someone watched Vertical Limit movie trailer in Karachi,Pakistan for 119 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Vertical-Limit.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:38:48	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:25:43	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in Anaheim,CA at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:24:09	Someone watched Varsity Blues movie trailer in Crescent City,CA for 131 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Varsity-Blues.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:21:44	Someone watched Clerks. movie trailer in Rochester,NY for 80 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clerks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:20:09	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in   Indonesia for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:18:26	Someone watched Alien 3 movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alien-3.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:16:21	Someone watched Little Athens movie trailer in Carluke,United Kingdom for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Little-Athens.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:13:59	Someone watched 1408 movie trailer in New Delhi,India for 134 seconds at http://zuguide.com/1408.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:12:08	Someone watched Fired Up movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 110 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fired-Up.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:09:15	Someone watched The Wind That Shakes the Barley movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan at http://zuguide.com/The-Wind-That-Shakes-the-Barley.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 09:01:09	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in   Vietnam for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:58:09	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Madras,India for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:56:36	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in   United Arab Emirates at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:53:46	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Sassuolo,Italy for 152 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:49:23	Someone watched Nineteen Eighty-Four movie trailer in Maringa,Brazil for 52 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Nineteen-Eighty-Four.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:44:26	Someone watched Lawrence of Arabia movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan for 277 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lawrence-of-Arabia.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:42:40	Someone watched Clueless movie trailer in   Iran, Islamic Republic of for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clueless.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:34:02	Someone watched Scream movie trailer in   Israel for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:28:11	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Hingoli,India for 105 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:26:29	Someone watched Sweet Land movie trailer in Livermore,CA for 160 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Sweet-Land.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:20:41	Someone watched The Dead Girl movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 66 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dead-Girl.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:16:06	Someone watched Wilde movie trailer in Ontario,CA for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wilde.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:12:55	Someone watched Casino movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 151 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Casino.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:08:51	Someone watched Commando movie trailer in Flushing,NY for 101 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Commando.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 08:03:31	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Hallstavik,Sweden for 67 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:44:19	Someone watched Gone in Sixty Seconds movie trailer in New Palestine,IN for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gone-in-Sixty-Seconds.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:39:07	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Indore,India for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:30:33	Someone watched District B13 movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/District-B13.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:25:50	Someone watched 10 to Midnight movie trailer in Alcantarilla,Spain for 128 seconds at http://zuguide.com/10-to-Midnight.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:23:53	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in   Netherlands for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:22:08	Someone watched Conan the Destroyer movie trailer in Alamogordo,NM for 74 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Conan-the-Destroyer.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:05:21	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Erfurt,Germany for 151 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 07:01:39	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in   Netherlands for 109 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:56:45	Someone watched 21 Grams movie trailer in Barrington,RI for 67 seconds at http://zuguide.com/21-Grams.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:52:53	Someone watched Barton Fink movie trailer in Cuautitlan,Mexico for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Barton-Fink.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:43:34	Someone watched The Graduate movie trailer in Gothenburg,NE for 151 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Graduate.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:42:01	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Jacksonville,FL for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:40:11	Someone watched Monsters vs. Aliens movie trailer in Cookeville,TN for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Monsters-vs-Aliens.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:37:45	Someone watched Over the Hedge movie trailer in Cookeville,TN for 128 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Over-the-Hedge.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:35:55	Someone watched Scream movie trailer in Guatemala City,Guatemala for 115 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:33:53	Someone watched Black Hawk Down movie trailer in Pleasant Grove,UT for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Black-Hawk-Down.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:32:05	Someone watched The Whole Nine Yards movie trailer in Cookeville,TN for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Whole-Nine-Yards.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:30:20	Someone watched Flushed Away movie trailer in Cookeville,TN for 49 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Flushed-Away.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:28:20	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Vihari,Pakistan for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:25:25	Someone watched The Iron Giant movie trailer in Cookeville,TN for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Iron-Giant.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:23:46	Someone watched Ladyhawke movie trailer in Odessa,TX for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ladyhawke.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:09:44	Someone watched Rounders movie trailer in Richmond,TX for 73 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rounders.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:06:35	Someone watched The Hidden movie trailer in State College,PA for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Hidden.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:04:34	Someone watched Ocean&#39;s Thirteen movie trailer in   United States for 147 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Oceans-Thirteen.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 06:02:25	Someone watched Igby Goes Down movie trailer in Glendora,CA for 118 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Igby-Goes-Down.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:59:01	Someone watched Scream movie trailer in Toa Baja,Puerto Rico for 114 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:48:53	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Brampton,Canada for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:45:51	Someone watched 17 Again movie trailer in   United States for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/17-Again.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:39:18	Someone watched Hot Rod movie trailer in Avila,Spain for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hot-Rod.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:37:36	Someone watched The Killing movie trailer in Oakville,Canada for 67 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Killing.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:36:02	Someone watched Drop Dead Gorgeous movie trailer in Memphis,TN for 47 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Drop-Dead-Gorgeous.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:24:07	Someone watched New York, I Love You movie trailer in Kelowna,Canada for 106 seconds at http://zuguide.com/New-York-I-Love-You.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:04:10	Someone watched Miller&#39;s Crossing movie trailer in Ski,Norway for 163 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Millers-Crossing.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 05:00:18	Someone watched Jurassic Park III movie trailer in Silchar,India for 61 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jurassic-Park-III.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:57:11	Someone watched Basic Instinct movie trailer in Nonthaburi,Thailand for 66 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Basic-Instinct.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:55:31	Someone watched Diamonds Are Forever movie trailer in Sydney,Australia for 228 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Diamonds-Are-Forever.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:51:18	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in   Brazil for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:41:00	Someone watched Swimming Upstream movie trailer in Waldorf,MD for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Swimming-Upstream.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:22:34	Someone watched The Back-Up Plan movie trailer in   United States for 88 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Back-Up-Plan.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:17:38	Someone watched Jaws movie trailer in Quezon City,Philippines for 189 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jaws.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:15:27	Someone watched Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas movie trailer in New York,NY at http://zuguide.com/Fear-and-Loathing-in-Las-Vegas.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:11:15	Someone watched Mamma Mia! movie trailer in Valley Stream,NY for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mamma-Mia.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 04:09:29	Someone watched The Fifth Element movie trailer in Carrington,ND for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Fifth-Element.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 03:52:04	Someone watched The Big Hit movie trailer in Freehold,NJ for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Big-Hit.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 03:33:20	Someone watched Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls movie trailer in Harwood Heights,IL at http://zuguide.com/Ace-Ventura-When-Nature-Calls.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 03:31:00	Someone watched Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas movie trailer in Fredericksburg,VA at http://zuguide.com/Fear-and-Loathing-in-Las-Vegas.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 03:29:13	Someone watched American Gangster movie trailer in   United States for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-Gangster.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 03:27:23	Someone watched The Benchwarmers movie trailer in   United States for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Benchwarmers.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 03:08:43	Someone watched Epic Movie movie trailer in Curitiba,Brazil for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Epic-Movie.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 02:59:55	Someone watched 50 First Dates movie trailer in   United States for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/50-First-Dates.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 02:16:59	Someone watched Borat movie trailer in Havelock,NC for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Borat.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 02:04:10	Someone watched Demolition Man movie trailer in Adelaide,Australia for 96 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Demolition-Man.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 02:02:04	Someone watched Twister movie trailer in Hightstown,NJ for 96 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Twister.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 02:00:18	Someone watched A Beautiful Mind movie trailer in Merlo,Argentina for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Beautiful-Mind.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:48:20	Someone watched The Butterfly Effect movie trailer in Libertyville,IL for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Butterfly-Effect.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:44:46	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Villette-d&#39;anthon,France at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:42:54	Someone watched Guess Who movie trailer in Libertyville,IL for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Guess-Who.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:40:15	Someone watched Open Season movie trailer in Libertyville,IL for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Open-Season.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:18:47	Someone watched The 13th Warrior movie trailer in Van Nuys,CA for 113 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-13th-Warrior.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:14:24	Someone watched The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas movie trailer in Abilene,TX at http://zuguide.com/The-Boy-in-the-Striped-Pyjamas.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:12:49	Someone watched Moonraker movie trailer in New York,NY for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Moonraker.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:10:19	Someone watched Beaches movie trailer in Edmonton,Canada for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Beaches.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:06:35	Someone watched Good Luck Chuck movie trailer in Montreal,Canada for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Good-Luck-Chuck.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:04:32	Someone watched From Dusk Till Dawn movie trailer in Ashton-under-lyne,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/From-Dusk-Till-Dawn.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 01:02:44	Someone watched Goal! movie trailer in Santiago,Chile for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Goal.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:58:02	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Cairo,Egypt for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:46:17	Someone watched American Dreamz movie trailer in Ballyjamesduff,Ireland for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-Dreamz.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:44:46	Someone watched Dead Man Walking movie trailer in Austin,TX for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dead-Man-Walking.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:40:49	Someone watched The World Is Not Enough movie trailer in Utrecht,Netherlands at http://zuguide.com/The-World-Is-Not-Enough.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:32:37	Someone watched Braveheart movie trailer in Bogota,Colombia for 168 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Braveheart.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:30:45	Someone watched Serpico movie trailer in Athens,Greece for 250 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Serpico.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:26:30	Someone watched Heat movie trailer in Antofagasta,Chile for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Heat.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:18:06	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in Burlington,Canada at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:16:35	Someone watched Face/Off movie trailer in   Sweden for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Face-Off.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-02 00:14:57	Someone watched The Cell movie trailer in Chesham,United Kingdom for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Cell.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:43:27	Someone watched Jaws movie trailer in Paramount,CA for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jaws.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:37:23	Someone watched He Got Game movie trailer in Santo Domingo,Dominican Republic for 120 seconds at http://zuguide.com/He-Got-Game.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:35:26	Someone watched Cat&#39;s Eye movie trailer in Penang,Malaysia for 63 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cats-Eye.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:31:18	Someone watched The Thing movie trailer in Frederiksberg,Denmark for 97 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Thing.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:29:43	Someone watched Nikita movie trailer in Midlothian,VA for 122 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Nikita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:14:58	Someone watched Something&#39;s Gotta Give movie trailer in   United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Somethings-Gotta-Give.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:11:12	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Santiago,Chile for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:09:41	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Tanta,Egypt for 117 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:07:22	Someone watched Fahrenheit 451 movie trailer in Casa Grande,AZ for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fahrenheit-451.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:05:13	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Ventura,CA for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:03:26	Someone watched Varsity Blues movie trailer in   Sweden for 95 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Varsity-Blues.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 23:01:18	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Perpignan,France for 137 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:59:23	Someone watched Lost Highway movie trailer in Tokat,Turkey for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lost-Highway.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:57:34	Someone watched Great Expectations movie trailer in Boston,United Kingdom for 91 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Great-Expectations.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:57:34	Someone watched Eyes Wide Shut movie trailer for 67 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Eyes-Wide-Shut.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:55:51	Someone watched Forrest Gump movie trailer in Rock Springs,WY for 175 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Forrest-Gump.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:52:00	Someone watched The Green Mile movie trailer in Rock Springs,WY for 140 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Green-Mile.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:48:41	Someone watched Fugitive Pieces movie trailer in   Brazil for 128 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fugitive-Pieces.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:44:46	Someone watched Cinderella Man movie trailer in Rock Springs,WY for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cinderella-Man.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:25:17	Someone watched Pride movie trailer in Cape Town,South Africa for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pride.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:22:53	Someone watched Grosse Pointe Blank movie trailer in Maynard,MA for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Grosse-Pointe-Blank.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:12:02	Someone watched The Thomas Crown Affair movie trailer in Hamburg,Germany for 113 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Thomas-Crown-Affair.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 22:10:20	Someone watched Pearl Harbor movie trailer in   Italy for 85 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pearl-Harbor.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:59:53	Someone watched Johnny Mnemonic movie trailer in   Turkey for 122 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Johnny-Mnemonic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:57:49	Someone watched Remember the Titans movie trailer in Ashburn,VA for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Remember-the-Titans.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:52:01	Someone watched Catch-22 movie trailer in Montreal,Canada for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Catch-22.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:47:35	Someone watched Notes on a Scandal movie trailer in Richland,WA for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Notes-on-a-Scandal.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:29:58	Someone watched Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels movie trailer in   Mexico at http://zuguide.com/Lock-Stock-and-Two-Smoking-Barrels.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:27:57	Someone watched Reservoir Dogs movie trailer in Phoenix,AZ for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Reservoir-Dogs.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:21:00	Someone watched Premonition movie trailer in Monte San Vito,Italy for 74 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Premonition.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:18:36	Someone watched Alien: Resurrection movie trailer in Potters Bar,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Alien-Resurrection.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:16:37	Someone watched Batman Forever movie trailer in Valley Stream,NY for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Batman-Forever.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:12:34	Someone watched The Waterboy movie trailer in Benfleet,United Kingdom for 154 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Waterboy.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 21:06:17	Someone watched Tombstone movie trailer in Huntsville,AL for 137 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Tombstone.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 20:53:07	Someone watched Batman Forever movie trailer in Gladstone,VA for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Batman-Forever.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 20:50:46	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in   Mexico for 116 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 20:48:34	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in Englewood,CO for 97 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 20:43:18	Someone watched The Jerk movie trailer in Rome,Italy for 85 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Jerk.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 20:30:04	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Quetta,Pakistan for 74 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 20:19:23	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in   China for 255 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 20:12:33	Someone watched I Am Sam movie trailer in Madras,India for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/I-Am-Sam.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:53:34	Someone watched The Incredible Hulk movie trailer in   Belgium for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Incredible-Hulk.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:46:14	Someone watched The Fifth Element movie trailer in   Belgium for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Fifth-Element.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:44:31	Someone watched Fantastic Four movie trailer in   Belgium for 80 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fantastic-Four.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:42:57	Someone watched Underworld movie trailer in Islamabad,Pakistan for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Underworld.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:38:08	Someone watched Beaches movie trailer in Lormont,France for 145 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Beaches.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:30:52	Someone watched Back to the Future Part II movie trailer in   Belgium for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Back-to-the-Future-Part-II.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:23:49	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Lawrenceville,GA for 63 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:17:52	Someone watched Another Day in Paradise movie trailer in Rio De Janeiro,Brazil at http://zuguide.com/Another-Day-in-Paradise.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:12:14	Someone watched Singles movie trailer in Ljubljana,Slovenia for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Singles.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:10:39	Someone watched Driving Miss Daisy movie trailer in Calgary,Canada for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Driving-Miss-Daisy.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:05:30	Someone watched Dick movie trailer in Jackson,NJ for 88 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dick.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 19:03:31	Someone watched The Black Balloon movie trailer in Erding,Germany for 140 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Black-Balloon.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:58:42	Someone watched Perfume: The Story of a Murderer movie trailer in Kollam,India at http://zuguide.com/Perfume-The-Story-of-a-Murderer.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:54:01	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Pakistan for 96 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:46:04	Someone watched The Black Balloon movie trailer in Cairo,Egypt for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Black-Balloon.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:44:29	Someone watched 28 Weeks Later movie trailer in Rosignano Marittimo,Italy for 137 seconds at http://zuguide.com/28-Weeks-Later.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:42:55	Someone watched Southland Tales movie trailer in Vadso,Norway for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Southland-Tales.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:34:51	Someone watched A Fistful of Dollars movie trailer in High Wycombe,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/A-Fistful-of-Dollars.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:22:08	Someone watched The 13th Warrior movie trailer in Novi Sad,Serbia for 112 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-13th-Warrior.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 18:07:24	Someone watched The Phantom of the Opera movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/The-Phantom-of-the-Opera.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:58:43	Someone watched Wimbledon movie trailer in Berlin,Germany for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wimbledon.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:33:50	Someone watched A Cinderella Story movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 140 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Cinderella-Story.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:31:54	Someone watched American History X movie trailer in Alcala De Henares,Spain for 115 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-History-X.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:29:28	Someone watched Chasing Amy movie trailer in Alcala De Henares,Spain for 97 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Chasing-Amy.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:27:23	Someone watched Gandhi movie trailer in Whitby,Canada for 106 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gandhi.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:22:34	Someone watched Jane Eyre movie trailer in Logan,UT for 160 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jane-Eyre.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:18:04	Someone watched Out of Africa movie trailer in London,Canada for 180 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Out-of-Africa.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:16:12	Someone watched She&#39;s the Man movie trailer in Dubai,United Arab Emirates for 62 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Shes-the-Man.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 17:02:39	Someone watched 10 Things I Hate About You movie trailer in Tijuana,Mexico at http://zuguide.com/10-Things-I-Hate-About-You.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 16:51:51	Someone watched The American President movie trailer in   United States for 160 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-American-President.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 16:31:31	Someone watched Hollywood Homicide movie trailer in Taipei,Taiwan for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hollywood-Homicide.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 16:29:31	Someone watched The Heartbreak Kid movie trailer in Erzurum,Turkey for 106 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Heartbreak-Kid.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 16:27:33	Someone watched Dumbo movie trailer in   United States for 119 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dumbo.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 16:19:58	Someone watched The Sandlot movie trailer in Ardmore,PA for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Sandlot.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 16:19:57	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Pakistan for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 16:08:33	Someone watched A Fistful of Dollars movie trailer in Kerman,Iran, Islamic Republic of at http://zuguide.com/A-Fistful-of-Dollars.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:59:07	Someone watched Gomorra movie trailer in Colombo,Sri Lanka for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gomorra.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:55:08	Someone watched Guess Who movie trailer in Jersey City,NJ for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Guess-Who.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:52:28	Someone watched Y Tu Mama Tambien movie trailer in Montevideo,Uruguay for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Y-Tu-Mama-Tambien.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:50:53	Someone watched Clueless movie trailer in Warminster,PA for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clueless.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:48:36	Someone watched Tommy Boy movie trailer in Washington,DC for 47 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Tommy-Boy.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:42:52	Someone watched Big Daddy movie trailer in Melita,Malta for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Big-Daddy.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:40:40	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in Lahr,Germany for 252 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:38:42	Someone watched Foxfire movie trailer in Cape Town,South Africa for 114 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Foxfire.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:36:37	Someone watched Black Hawk Down movie trailer in   Moldova, Republic of for 110 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Black-Hawk-Down.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:34:00	Someone watched Jaws movie trailer in Izmit,Turkey for 201 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jaws.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:26:23	Someone watched Kingdom of Heaven movie trailer in Dijon,France for 150 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kingdom-of-Heaven.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:22:26	Someone watched Shaun of the Dead movie trailer in Delhi,India for 76 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Shaun-of-the-Dead.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:20:47	Someone watched Little Athens movie trailer in   Portugal for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Little-Athens.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 15:15:53	Someone watched Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie trailer for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Teenage-Mutant-Ninja-Turtles.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:59:39	Someone watched Pollock movie trailer in Garland,TX for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pollock.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:57:46	Someone watched You, Me and Dupree movie trailer in Holstebro,Denmark for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/You-Me-and-Dupree.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:54:04	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:50:18	Someone watched The Black Balloon movie trailer in   Bahrain for 108 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Black-Balloon.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:37:18	Someone watched Yes Man movie trailer in Belfast,United Kingdom for 59 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Yes-Man.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:35:26	Someone watched Cool Hand Luke movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan for 171 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cool-Hand-Luke.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:33:13	Someone watched Changeling movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Changeling.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:20:02	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in Gdynia,Poland for 61 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:12:18	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Ig,Slovenia for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:09:53	Someone watched Scream 2 movie trailer in Paisley,United Kingdom for 66 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:05:22	Someone watched How High movie trailer in Saint Cloud,FL for 115 seconds at http://zuguide.com/How-High.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 14:01:22	Someone watched The American President movie trailer in Muscat,Oman for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-American-President.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:59:21	Someone watched MASH movie trailer in Leeds,United Kingdom for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/MASH.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:56:57	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Tangerang,Indonesia for 111 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:50:50	Someone watched Black Hawk Down movie trailer in Charlotte,NC for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Black-Hawk-Down.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:48:57	Someone watched Jurassic Park III movie trailer in Izmir,Turkey for 76 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jurassic-Park-III.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:46:41	Someone watched Jane Eyre movie trailer in Tartu,Estonia for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jane-Eyre.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:42:08	Someone watched Superman movie trailer in Tallinn,Estonia for 67 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Superman.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:40:15	Someone watched The Devil Wears Prada movie trailer in Albany,GA for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Devil-Wears-Prada.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:33:31	Someone watched Jaws movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey for 191 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jaws.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:29:55	Someone watched On Her Majesty&#39;s Secret Service movie trailer in Columbia,SC at http://zuguide.com/On-Her-Majestys-Secret-Service.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:27:10	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Kuala Lumpur,Malaysia for 76 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:23:30	Someone watched Jumanji movie trailer in Karachi,Pakistan for 161 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jumanji.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:09:27	Someone watched When a Stranger Calls movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/When-a-Stranger-Calls.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:04:03	Someone watched Lonely Hearts movie trailer in Madras,India for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lonely-Hearts.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:02:19	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Gdynia,Poland for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 13:00:06	Someone watched Lonely Hearts movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 80 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lonely-Hearts.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:57:28	Someone watched Vicky Cristina Barcelona movie trailer in Gdansk,Poland for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Vicky-Cristina-Barcelona.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:54:13	Someone watched Gomorra movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 108 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gomorra.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:51:39	Someone watched Mutant Chronicles movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 99 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mutant-Chronicles.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:49:54	Someone watched Because of Winn-Dixie movie trailer in   Germany for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Because-of-Winn-Dixie.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:46:01	Someone watched The Phantom of the Opera movie trailer in Tijuana,Mexico at http://zuguide.com/The-Phantom-of-the-Opera.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:43:26	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in   Turkey for 150 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:37:48	Someone watched Fried Green Tomatoes movie trailer in Kiev,Ukraine for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fried-Green-Tomatoes.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:36:03	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in New Delhi,India for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:23:37	Someone watched Firehouse Dog movie trailer in Wilmington,MA for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Firehouse-Dog.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:21:55	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Pakistan for 152 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:17:42	Someone watched Gladiator movie trailer in Freiberg,Germany for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gladiator.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:15:14	Someone watched Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines movie trailer in Van,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/Terminator-3-Rise-of-the-Machines.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:12:51	Someone watched Legends of the Fall movie trailer in   Turkey for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Legends-of-the-Fall.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:08:03	Someone watched The Addams Family movie trailer in Jiddah,Saudi Arabia for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Addams-Family.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 12:06:27	Someone watched Singles movie trailer in Hereford,United Kingdom for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Singles.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:58:39	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Egypt for 82 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:56:26	Someone watched Black Rain movie trailer in   Hungary for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Black-Rain.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:48:00	Someone watched Black Hawk Down movie trailer in Ipswich,United Kingdom for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Black-Hawk-Down.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:46:28	Someone watched District B13 movie trailer in   Thailand for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/District-B13.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:44:15	Someone watched Twelve Monkeys movie trailer in Cebu,Philippines for 116 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Twelve-Monkeys.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:42:01	Someone watched Scream movie trailer in Utrecht,Netherlands for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:39:38	Someone watched College movie trailer in   Saudi Arabia for 118 seconds at http://zuguide.com/College.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:25:52	Someone watched The Addams Family movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 47 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Addams-Family.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:22:52	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Woodbridge,VA for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:21:17	Someone watched The Phantom of the Opera movie trailer in Indore,India for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Phantom-of-the-Opera.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:18:52	Someone watched E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial movie trailer in Izmir,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/ET-the-Extra-Terrestrial.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:17:10	Someone watched The Hills Have Eyes II movie trailer in Moscow,Russian Federation at http://zuguide.com/The-Hills-Have-Eyes-II.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:14:17	Someone watched Fahrenheit 451 movie trailer in Sydney,Australia for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fahrenheit-451.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:11:53	Someone watched Face/Off movie trailer in Nanterre,France for 59 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Face-Off.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:07:09	Someone watched Ultraviolet movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ultraviolet.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 11:03:12	Someone watched Before Sunrise movie trailer in Izmir,Turkey for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Before-Sunrise.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:59:57	Someone watched Good Morning, Vietnam movie trailer in London,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Good-Morning-Vietnam.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:58:20	Someone watched Unfaithful movie trailer in Yangon,Myanmar for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Unfaithful.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:55:55	Someone watched Blue Velvet movie trailer in Sundsvall,Sweden for 76 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Blue-Velvet.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:52:38	Someone watched Ghost movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:50:46	Someone watched American Pie 2 movie trailer in   Iran, Islamic Republic of for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-Pie-2.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:49:12	Someone watched Postal movie trailer in Alkmaar,Netherlands for 95 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Postal.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:47:20	Someone watched Planet Terror movie trailer in Alkmaar,Netherlands for 109 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Planet-Terror.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:45:24	Someone watched The Godfather: Part II movie trailer in Abbottabad,Pakistan at http://zuguide.com/The-Godfather-Part-II.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:43:23	Someone watched Donnie Brasco movie trailer in   Albania for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Donnie-Brasco.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:38:27	Someone watched Jaws movie trailer in   Germany for 192 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jaws.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:35:29	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Madras,India for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:30:58	Someone watched Baby Boom movie trailer in Hapert,Netherlands for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Baby-Boom.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:26:48	Someone watched Penelope movie trailer in Banolas,Spain for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Penelope.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 10:25:01	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Indore,India for 108 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:57:44	Someone watched Cast Away movie trailer in Bacchus Marsh,Australia for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cast-Away.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:42:55	Someone watched Excalibur movie trailer in Lawrenceville,GA for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Excalibur.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:41:24	Someone watched The 13th Warrior movie trailer in Fairfield,Australia for 110 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-13th-Warrior.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:35:23	Someone watched The Karate Kid movie trailer in Chinsurah,India for 118 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Karate-Kid.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:32:42	Someone watched Catch-22 movie trailer in Tucson,AZ for 152 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Catch-22.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:30:30	Someone watched Gremlins 2: The New Batch movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/Gremlins-2-The-New-Batch.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:28:02	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Agra,India for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:25:47	Someone watched Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls movie trailer in Izmir,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/Ace-Ventura-When-Nature-Calls.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:22:48	Someone watched Addams Family Values movie trailer in Kuala Lumpur,Malaysia for 97 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Addams-Family-Values.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:09:36	Someone watched The Portrait of a Lady movie trailer in Bratislava,Slovakia at http://zuguide.com/The-Portrait-of-a-Lady.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:07:53	Someone watched Scream 3 movie trailer in Offenbach,Germany for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-3.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:04:13	Someone watched Varsity Blues movie trailer in Manila,Philippines for 112 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Varsity-Blues.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 09:01:34	Someone watched Wilderness movie trailer in   Germany for 117 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wilderness.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:55:42	Someone watched The Benchwarmers movie trailer in   United States for 120 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Benchwarmers.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:53:27	Someone watched The Notebook movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 119 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Notebook.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:51:53	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Indonesia for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:46:41	Someone watched Scream 2 movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:40:08	Someone watched Foxfire movie trailer in Petaluma,CA for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Foxfire.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:37:42	Someone watched Heathers movie trailer in San Pablo,CA for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Heathers.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:36:11	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   Bangladesh for 85 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:31:48	Someone watched Rocky IV movie trailer in Oradea,Romania for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rocky-IV.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:18:43	Someone watched The Hidden movie trailer in Alton,United Kingdom for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Hidden.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 08:00:02	Someone watched Spy Game movie trailer in Dover,NH for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spy-Game.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:58:25	Someone watched Reno 911!: Miami movie trailer in Yonkers,NY for 141 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Reno-911-Miami.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:55:30	Someone watched Over Her Dead Body movie trailer in Yonkers,NY for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Over-Her-Dead-Body.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:52:56	Someone watched The Dead Girl movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dead-Girl.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:47:42	Someone watched Kalifornia movie trailer in Cordoba,Argentina for 117 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kalifornia.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:42:01	Someone watched Righteous Kill movie trailer in Chilliwack,Canada for 94 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Righteous-Kill.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:40:00	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:38:16	Someone watched Being There movie trailer in Red Deer,Canada for 101 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Being-There.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:33:47	Someone watched The 13th Warrior movie trailer in Nederland,TX for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-13th-Warrior.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:31:59	Someone watched The Karate Kid movie trailer in Tuggen,Switzerland for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Karate-Kid.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:30:29	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Charlotte,NC for 141 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:24:51	Someone watched Twelve Monkeys movie trailer in Victoria,Canada for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Twelve-Monkeys.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:21:43	Someone watched The Ghosts of Girlfriends Past movie trailer in   United States at http://zuguide.com/The-Ghosts-of-Girlfriends-Past.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:18:52	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Raurkela,India for 105 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:12:32	Someone watched Entrapment movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Entrapment.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:09:56	Someone watched Awake movie trailer in Ellensburg,WA for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Awake.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:07:16	Someone watched Disturbing Behavior movie trailer in Long Beach,MS for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Disturbing-Behavior.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:07:16	Someone watched WarGames movie trailer in Ernakulam,India for 134 seconds at http://zuguide.com/WarGames.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 07:03:49	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 105 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:46:37	Someone watched Entrapment movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 115 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Entrapment.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:44:12	Someone watched The Deer Hunter movie trailer in Hamilton,Canada for 156 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Deer-Hunter.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:39:58	Someone watched Apocalypse Now movie trailer in Sunbury,OH for 49 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Apocalypse-Now.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:35:59	Someone watched Of Love and Shadows movie trailer in Brooklyn,NY for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Of-Love-and-Shadows.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:31:49	Someone watched Rocky III movie trailer in Victoria,Canada for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rocky-III.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:29:57	Someone watched Basic Instinct movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Basic-Instinct.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:24:20	Someone watched Dark Water movie trailer in Philippine,Philippines for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dark-Water.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:10:43	Someone watched Enemy of the State movie trailer in Lowell,MA for 122 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Enemy-of-the-State.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 06:01:42	Someone watched Jungle Fever movie trailer in Peabody,MA for 152 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jungle-Fever.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:55:21	Someone watched Tears of the Sun movie trailer in Salem,IL for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Tears-of-the-Sun.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:53:38	Someone watched Grosse Pointe Blank movie trailer in   United States for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Grosse-Pointe-Blank.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:48:13	Someone watched Forrest Gump movie trailer in Worcester,MA for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Forrest-Gump.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:46:29	Someone watched The Whole Nine Yards movie trailer in Salem,IL for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Whole-Nine-Yards.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:41:09	Someone watched Terms of Endearment movie trailer in Milwaukee,WI for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Terms-of-Endearment.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:39:27	Someone watched Steamboy movie trailer in Raleigh,NC for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Steamboy.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:34:07	Someone watched Thirteen Days movie trailer in Lincoln Park,MI for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Thirteen-Days.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:21:03	Someone watched Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day movie trailer in Boston,MA at http://zuguide.com/Miss-Pettigrew-Lives-for-a-Day.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:18:09	Someone watched Taxi movie trailer in Colombo,Sri Lanka for 76 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Taxi.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:07:44	Someone watched Courage Under Fire movie trailer in Philadelphia,PA for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Courage-Under-Fire.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:05:55	Someone watched Saving Private Ryan movie trailer in Rochester,NY for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Saving-Private-Ryan.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 05:04:05	Someone watched Mad Max 2 movie trailer in Guatemala City,Guatemala for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mad-Max-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 04:58:56	Someone watched Little Women movie trailer in Plano,TX for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Little-Women.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 04:51:39	Someone watched Lady in the Water movie trailer in Taichung,Taiwan for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lady-in-the-Water.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 04:38:31	Someone watched Caddyshack movie trailer in Janesville,WI for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Caddyshack.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 04:36:17	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in Islamabad,Pakistan at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 04:31:32	Someone watched Grosse Pointe Blank movie trailer in   United States for 123 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Grosse-Pointe-Blank.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 04:03:09	Someone watched Three Kings movie trailer in Naga,Philippines for 131 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Three-Kings.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 03:43:49	Someone watched E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial movie trailer in Indianapolis,IN at http://zuguide.com/ET-the-Extra-Terrestrial.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 03:35:28	Someone watched Dick movie trailer in Sycamore,IL for 122 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dick.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 03:18:11	Someone watched I Love You, Beth Cooper movie trailer in Quito,Ecuador for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/I-Love-You-Beth-Cooper.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 03:09:04	Someone watched My Own Private Idaho movie trailer in Washington,DC for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/My-Own-Private-Idaho.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 02:56:42	Someone watched Borat movie trailer in Bat Yam,Israel for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Borat.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 02:42:40	Someone watched Stand by Me movie trailer in Toronto,Canada for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Stand-by-Me.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 02:40:02	Someone watched Unfaithful movie trailer in Prague,Czech Republic for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Unfaithful.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 02:37:49	Someone watched Let Them Chirp Awhile movie trailer in Algiers,Algeria for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Let-Them-Chirp-Awhile.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 02:22:52	Someone watched Stand by Me movie trailer in Kapolei,HI for 192 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Stand-by-Me.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 02:14:57	Someone watched Pink Floyd The Wall movie trailer in Santa Rosa,Ecuador for 110 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pink-Floyd-The-Wall.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:59:00	Someone watched Why Do Fools Fall in Love movie trailer in Baltimore,MD at http://zuguide.com/Why-Do-Fools-Fall-in-Love.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:51:17	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in   Ireland at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:49:00	Someone watched Julie &amp; Julia movie trailer in   United States for 59 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Julie-and-Julia.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:47:24	Someone watched Terminator 2: Judgment Day movie trailer in Malmo,Sweden at http://zuguide.com/Terminator-2-Judgment-Day.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:43:16	Someone watched PCU movie trailer in Machesney Park,IL for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/PCU.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:20:47	Someone watched Hellbound: Hellraiser II movie trailer in   United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Hellbound-Hellraiser-II.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:18:57	Someone watched Vertigo movie trailer in Junin,Argentina for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Vertigo.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 01:17:14	Someone watched Blue Velvet movie trailer in New Smyrna Beach,FL for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Blue-Velvet.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:59:56	Someone watched The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly movie trailer in Quebec,Canada at http://zuguide.com/The-Good-the-Bad-and-the-Ugly.html
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:55:21	Someone watched Dumbo movie trailer in Portland,OR for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dumbo.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:50:38	Someone watched Drop Dead Gorgeous movie trailer in Kirkland,WA for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Drop-Dead-Gorgeous.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:48:42	Someone watched Madea Goes to Jail movie trailer in Tunis,Tunisia for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Madea-Goes-to-Jail.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:46:34	Someone watched Lucia movie trailer in   Colombia for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lucia.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:44:29	Someone watched Jane Eyre movie trailer in Powell,WY for 155 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jane-Eyre.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:41:43	Someone watched The Great Escape movie trailer in Elmhurst,IL for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Great-Escape.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:34:43	Someone watched Bulworth movie trailer in Stittsville,Canada for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Bulworth.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:26:20	Someone watched 50 First Dates movie trailer in Stittsville,Canada for 152 seconds at http://zuguide.com/50-First-Dates.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:20:43	Someone watched The Amityville Horror movie trailer in Rome,NY for 151 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Amityville-Horror.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:15:26	Someone watched Basic Instinct movie trailer in Richland,WA for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Basic-Instinct.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-06-01 00:10:51	Someone watched Snake Eyes movie trailer in Wednesbury,United Kingdom for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Snake-Eyes.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:58:58	Someone watched The Jerk movie trailer in Charlotte,NC for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Jerk.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:57:21	Someone watched Carrie movie trailer in Chibougamau,Canada for 49 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Carrie.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:52:54	Someone watched Scream 2 movie trailer in New Baltimore,MI for 96 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:50:26	Someone watched I, Robot movie trailer in Glen Allen,VA for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/I-Robot.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:46:04	Someone watched Stargate movie trailer in Port Coquitlam,Canada for 160 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Stargate.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:40:05	Someone watched Zack and Miri Make a Porno movie trailer in Cheyenne,WY at http://zuguide.com/Zack-and-Miri-Make-a-Porno.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:40:05	Someone watched The Mask movie trailer for 47 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Mask.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:26:29	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Toronto,Canada for 63 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:23:22	Someone watched Dynamite Warrior movie trailer in   United States for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dynamite-Warrior.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:21:09	Someone watched The Cell movie trailer in Fogelsville,PA for 139 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Cell.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:15:02	Someone watched The Karate Kid movie trailer in Lima,Peru for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Karate-Kid.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:08:16	Someone watched Of Love and Shadows movie trailer in Barcelona,Spain for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Of-Love-and-Shadows.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:03:20	Someone watched Congo movie trailer in Davenport,FL for 108 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Congo.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 23:01:48	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Tehran,Iran, Islamic Republic of for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:57:42	Someone watched Jumanji movie trailer in Raleigh,NC for 171 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jumanji.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:55:21	Someone watched My Beautiful Laundrette movie trailer in Birkirkara,Malta at http://zuguide.com/My-Beautiful-Laundrette.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:39:33	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in Rawalpindi,Pakistan at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:37:16	Someone watched Alien: Resurrection movie trailer in Buffalo Grove,IL for 49 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alien-Resurrection.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:35:16	Someone watched Blade: Trinity movie trailer in Tehran,Iran, Islamic Republic of for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Blade-Trinity.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:31:58	Someone watched 28 Weeks Later movie trailer in Tehran,Iran, Islamic Republic of for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/28-Weeks-Later.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:27:00	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in Manchester,United Kingdom for 188 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:25:12	Someone watched Wolf Creek movie trailer in Decatur,GA for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wolf-Creek.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:23:25	Someone watched 40 Days and 40 Nights movie trailer in Sugar Land,TX for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/40-Days-and-40-Nights.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:20:52	Someone watched Slums of Beverly Hills movie trailer in Williston,ND for 57 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Slums-of-Beverly-Hills.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:19:22	Someone watched Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome movie trailer in Rijeka,Croatia at http://zuguide.com/Mad-Max-Beyond-Thunderdome.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:17:13	Someone watched I Love You, Beth Cooper movie trailer in Tehran,Iran, Islamic Republic of at http://zuguide.com/I-Love-You-Beth-Cooper.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:14:15	Someone watched Even Money movie trailer in Mexico,Mexico for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Even-Money.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:10:20	Someone watched Click movie trailer in Henderson,NV for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Click.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:08:03	Someone watched The Outsiders movie trailer in Sterling,VA for 59 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Outsiders.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:04:06	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Villahermosa,Mexico at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 22:01:00	Someone watched A Little Trip to Heaven movie trailer in Alexandria,VA for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Little-Trip-to-Heaven.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:56:48	Someone watched Clerks. movie trailer in Kiev,Ukraine for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clerks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:54:32	Someone watched Big Daddy movie trailer in   United States for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Big-Daddy.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:49:50	Someone watched Gracie movie trailer in Mikkeli,Finland for 49 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gracie.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:43:17	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Cuiaba,Brazil for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:40:27	Someone watched Scream 2 movie trailer in Hillingdon,United Kingdom for 94 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:38:09	Someone watched True Romance movie trailer in Baltimore,MD for 111 seconds at http://zuguide.com/True-Romance.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:34:17	Someone watched In the Heat of the Night movie trailer in Helsinki,Finland at http://zuguide.com/In-the-Heat-of-the-Night.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:30:50	Someone watched The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas movie trailer in Raleigh,NC at http://zuguide.com/The-Boy-in-the-Striped-Pyjamas.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:23:01	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Brooklyn,NY for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:21:25	Someone watched Grandma&#39;s Boy movie trailer in Cincinnati,OH for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Grandmas-Boy.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 21:11:17	Someone watched Saint Ralph movie trailer in   United States for 128 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Saint-Ralph.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:54:06	Someone watched Invictus movie trailer in Baltimore,MD for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Invictus.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:52:08	Someone watched The Hidden movie trailer in Moscow,Russian Federation for 123 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Hidden.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:50:21	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Montreal,Canada for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:48:31	Someone watched Edward Scissorhands movie trailer in Horsens,Denmark for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Edward-Scissorhands.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:46:59	Someone watched Coyote Ugly movie trailer in   Romania for 97 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Coyote-Ugly.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:40:46	Someone watched E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial movie trailer in Horten,Norway at http://zuguide.com/ET-the-Extra-Terrestrial.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:37:42	Someone watched The Comebacks movie trailer in Merseburg,Germany for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Comebacks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:35:43	Someone watched Black Rain movie trailer in Warsaw,Poland for 65 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Black-Rain.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:33:57	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Tirana,Albania for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:32:24	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Terneuzen,Netherlands for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:29:18	Someone watched Slumdog Millionaire movie trailer in Baltimore,MD for 59 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Slumdog-Millionaire.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:27:38	Someone watched Salt movie trailer in Les Lilas,France for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Salt.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:25:52	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Miami,FL for 61 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:11:12	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Arlington,TX for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:09:24	Someone watched Blow movie trailer in Morsang-sur-orge,France for 73 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Blow.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:07:13	Someone watched Gone in Sixty Seconds movie trailer in Avon Park,FL for 117 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gone-in-Sixty-Seconds.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:05:09	Someone watched Epic Movie movie trailer in Haskovo,Bulgaria for 106 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Epic-Movie.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:05:09	Someone watched In the Heat of the Night movie trailer in Iisalmi,Finland at http://zuguide.com/In-the-Heat-of-the-Night.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:03:14	Someone watched A View to a Kill movie trailer in High Wycombe,United Kingdom for 156 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-View-to-a-Kill.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 20:01:25	Someone watched Ladyhawke movie trailer in Den Haag,Netherlands for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ladyhawke.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:59:51	Someone watched The Devil&#39;s Backbone movie trailer in Sassenheim,Netherlands at http://zuguide.com/The-Devils-Backbone.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:56:35	Someone watched One Flew Over the Cuckoo&#39;s Nest movie trailer in Atlanta,GA at http://zuguide.com/One-Flew-Over-the-Cuckoos-Nest.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:50:45	Someone watched Shooter movie trailer in Berlin,Germany for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Shooter.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:49:10	Someone watched Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls movie trailer in Passaic,NJ at http://zuguide.com/Ace-Ventura-When-Nature-Calls.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:47:00	Someone watched Dirty Harry movie trailer in High Wycombe,United Kingdom for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dirty-Harry.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:44:47	Someone watched 10 Things I Hate About You movie trailer in Dwingeloo,Netherlands at http://zuguide.com/10-Things-I-Hate-About-You.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:42:52	Someone watched The Mask movie trailer in   United States for 114 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Mask.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:41:07	Someone watched The Girlfriend Experience movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/The-Girlfriend-Experience.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:39:14	Someone watched Corpse Bride movie trailer in Summerville,SC for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Corpse-Bride.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:37:33	Someone watched American Pie movie trailer in Amman,Jordan for 100 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-Pie.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:34:10	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in Malang,Indonesia for 237 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:31:11	Someone watched Airplane! movie trailer in Fort Worth,TX for 193 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Airplane.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:29:37	Someone watched Gone Baby Gone movie trailer in New York,NY for 145 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gone-Baby-Gone.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:27:42	Someone watched Hotel Rwanda movie trailer in Angra,Portugal for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hotel-Rwanda.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:24:49	Someone watched The Running Man movie trailer in Gresham,OR for 88 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Running-Man.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:22:42	Someone watched PCU movie trailer in Pompano Beach,FL for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/PCU.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:20:48	Someone watched Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius movie trailer in Kenosha,WI for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jimmy-Neutron-Boy-Genius.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:18:08	Someone watched Ed Wood movie trailer in Sonthofen,Germany for 109 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ed-Wood.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:10:03	Someone watched Marie Antoinette movie trailer in Arad,Romania for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Marie-Antoinette.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 19:04:11	Someone watched Rocky IV movie trailer in Adana,Turkey for 116 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rocky-IV.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:45:25	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Koln,Germany for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:38:26	Someone watched The Addams Family movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey for 55 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Addams-Family.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:36:50	Someone watched The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie movie trailer in Warwick,RI at http://zuguide.com/The-SpongeBob-SquarePants-Movie.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:34:01	Someone watched Mrs. Doubtfire movie trailer in Tokyo,Japan for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mrs-Doubtfire.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:32:10	Someone watched You Only Live Twice movie trailer in Ridgeway,VA for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/You-Only-Live-Twice.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:24:53	Someone watched Gomorra movie trailer in Dallas,TX for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gomorra.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:20:07	Someone watched Charlie Bartlett movie trailer in Trieste,Italy for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Charlie-Bartlett.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:18:03	Someone watched The Black Balloon movie trailer in Kowloon,Hong Kong for 139 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Black-Balloon.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:09:37	Someone watched Flatliners movie trailer in Aurora,CO for 74 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Flatliners.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:07:25	Someone watched Legends of the Fall movie trailer in Kumanovo,Macedonia for 94 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Legends-of-the-Fall.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:01:53	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in Hamilton,Bermuda at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 18:00:20	Someone watched Hot Rod movie trailer in   Brazil for 78 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hot-Rod.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:55:11	Someone watched Ghost movie trailer in Forshaga,Sweden for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:52:00	Someone watched The World Is Not Enough movie trailer in Dhaka,Bangladesh at http://zuguide.com/The-World-Is-Not-Enough.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:47:00	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Winston Salem,NC for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:45:23	Someone watched Munich movie trailer in Winston Salem,NC for 76 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Munich.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:43:52	Someone watched How High movie trailer in Lisbon,Portugal for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/How-High.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:42:15	Someone watched Caddyshack movie trailer in   Austria for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Caddyshack.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:40:35	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   United States for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:38:44	Someone watched The King and I movie trailer in Rochester,MN for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-King-and-I.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:22:55	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in Lipova,Romania for 100 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:17:35	Someone watched The Informers movie trailer in Mersin,Turkey for 101 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Informers.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:12:18	Someone watched Double Jeopardy movie trailer in Mattituck,NY for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Double-Jeopardy.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:09:56	Someone watched Two Lovers movie trailer in   Bangladesh for 47 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Two-Lovers.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:08:24	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in Zwevegem,Belgium for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:04:23	Someone watched Halloween H20: 20 Years Later movie trailer in Pontedera,Italy at http://zuguide.com/Halloween-H20-20-Years-Later.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 17:00:31	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in Miami,FL for 95 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:58:34	Someone watched 27 Dresses movie trailer in Vidor,Italy for 65 seconds at http://zuguide.com/27-Dresses.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:55:37	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Cairo,Egypt for 137 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:53:03	Someone watched I Love You, Beth Cooper movie trailer in Beruwala,Sri Lanka at http://zuguide.com/I-Love-You-Beth-Cooper.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:51:06	Someone watched The Phantom movie trailer in Ypsilanti,MI for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Phantom.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:45:04	Someone watched Meet the Parents movie trailer in Winchester,VA for 163 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Meet-the-Parents.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:39:49	Someone watched When a Stranger Calls movie trailer in Tunis,Tunisia for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/When-a-Stranger-Calls.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:36:16	Someone watched When a Stranger Calls movie trailer in   Pakistan for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/When-a-Stranger-Calls.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:34:42	Someone watched Because of Winn-Dixie movie trailer in Bangor,ME for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Because-of-Winn-Dixie.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:26:09	Someone watched The Amityville Horror movie trailer in Cheshire,CT for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Amityville-Horror.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:21:56	Someone watched Tears of the Sun movie trailer in Berlin,Germany for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Tears-of-the-Sun.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:08:02	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in Konya,Turkey for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:05:22	Someone watched 27 Dresses movie trailer for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/27-Dresses.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 16:02:05	Someone watched In the Heat of the Night movie trailer in Jyvaskyla,Finland at http://zuguide.com/In-the-Heat-of-the-Night.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 15:46:16	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 150 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 15:43:20	Someone watched The Matrix Revolutions movie trailer in Santiago,Chile for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Matrix-Revolutions.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 15:27:01	Someone watched Wayne&#39;s World movie trailer in Brisbane,Australia for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Waynes-World.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 15:24:41	Someone watched The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly movie trailer in   United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/The-Good-the-Bad-and-the-Ugly.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 15:22:55	Someone watched A Cinderella Story movie trailer in Srpska,Bosnia and Herzegovina at http://zuguide.com/A-Cinderella-Story.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 15:20:34	Someone watched The Wedding Planner movie trailer in Schoten,Belgium for 153 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Wedding-Planner.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 15:16:07	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Chelles,France for 49 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:58:30	Someone watched The Pledge movie trailer in Belgrade,Serbia for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Pledge.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:55:16	Someone watched Goodfellas movie trailer in North Reading,MA for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Goodfellas.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:50:06	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Dunkirk,France for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:47:09	Someone watched Nikita movie trailer in Feira,Portugal for 116 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Nikita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:45:19	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:41:51	Someone watched The Reader movie trailer in Mashhad,Iran, Islamic Republic of for 94 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Reader.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:37:44	Someone watched Heathers movie trailer in Harlev,Denmark for 82 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Heathers.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:34:25	Someone watched Run Lola Run movie trailer in Alachua,FL for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Run-Lola-Run.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:32:12	Someone watched Step Up 2 the Streets movie trailer in Algiers,Algeria for 62 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Step-Up-2-the-Streets.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:28:52	Someone watched Casanova movie trailer in Cheltenham,Australia for 108 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Casanova.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:26:51	Someone watched Swimming Upstream movie trailer in Singapore,Singapore for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Swimming-Upstream.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:24:27	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in Brisbane,Australia at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:22:47	Someone watched Jurassic Park III movie trailer in Akhisar,Turkey for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jurassic-Park-III.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:18:20	Someone watched Basic Instinct movie trailer in Budapest,Hungary for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Basic-Instinct.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:12:13	Someone watched AVP: Alien vs. Predator movie trailer in Woodbridge,VA for 123 seconds at http://zuguide.com/AVP-Alien-vs-Predator.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:05:27	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in Abu Dhabi,United Arab Emirates at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 14:02:34	Someone watched Gomorra movie trailer in Mainz,Germany for 47 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gomorra.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:57:24	Someone watched Clerks. movie trailer in Pearl River,LA for 108 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clerks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:55:21	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Haskovo,Bulgaria for 96 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:53:35	Someone watched Picture Perfect movie trailer in Amman,Jordan for 150 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Picture-Perfect.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:48:07	Someone watched Y Tu Mama Tambien movie trailer in Madrid,Spain for 141 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Y-Tu-Mama-Tambien.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:44:15	Someone watched Get Rich or Die Tryin&#39; movie trailer in Opole,Poland for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Get-Rich-or-Die-Tryin.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:42:04	Someone watched Wall Street movie trailer in Caparica,Portugal for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wall-Street.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:35:31	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in Keratsinion,Greece at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:22:05	Someone watched The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie movie trailer in Melaka,Malaysia at http://zuguide.com/The-SpongeBob-SquarePants-Movie.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:19:50	Someone watched Redbelt movie trailer in Madrid,Spain for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Redbelt.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:18:15	Someone watched Kramer vs. Kramer movie trailer in Boynton Beach,FL for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kramer-vs-Kramer.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:12:28	Someone watched The Hills Have Eyes movie trailer in Antakya,Turkey for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Hills-Have-Eyes.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:10:46	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Secunderabad,India for 54 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:06:19	Someone watched Before Sunrise movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Before-Sunrise.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 13:04:37	Someone watched Of Love and Shadows movie trailer in Douglasville,GA for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Of-Love-and-Shadows.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:59:10	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Hyderabad,India for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:43:25	Someone watched The Dukes of Hazzard movie trailer in Ciplet,Belgium for 76 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dukes-of-Hazzard.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:38:30	Someone watched Once Upon a Time in Mexico movie trailer in Berlin,Germany at http://zuguide.com/Once-Upon-a-Time-in-Mexico.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:38:30	Someone watched The Whole Nine Yards movie trailer in   Turkey for 59 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Whole-Nine-Yards.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:35:31	Someone watched Wedding Crashers movie trailer in   Iran, Islamic Republic of for 85 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wedding-Crashers.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:23:01	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:23:01	Someone watched Jaws movie trailer in Izmir,Turkey for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jaws.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:17:31	Someone watched The Legend of Bagger Vance movie trailer in Manisa,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/The-Legend-of-Bagger-Vance.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:12:18	Someone watched Basic Instinct movie trailer in   India for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Basic-Instinct.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:10:38	Someone watched The Lost World: Jurassic Park movie trailer in   Indonesia at http://zuguide.com/The-Lost-World-Jurassic-Park.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:08:33	Someone watched Jurassic Park III movie trailer in   Indonesia for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jurassic-Park-III.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:06:03	Someone watched Full Metal Jacket movie trailer in Perth,Australia for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Full-Metal-Jacket.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:02:44	Someone watched The Fly movie trailer in Chandigarh,India for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Fly.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 12:01:11	Someone watched Mr. Brooks movie trailer in   Serbia for 65 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mr-Brooks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:56:48	Someone watched Entrapment movie trailer in Calcutta,India for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Entrapment.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:52:44	Someone watched Commando movie trailer in Quetta,Pakistan for 60 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Commando.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:51:07	Someone watched Being There movie trailer in Redondo Beach,CA for 154 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Being-There.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:49:16	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Yuma,AZ for 82 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:47:40	Someone watched Driving Miss Daisy movie trailer in Incheon,Korea, Republic of at http://zuguide.com/Driving-Miss-Daisy.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:45:55	Someone watched District B13 movie trailer in   Morocco for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/District-B13.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:37:43	Someone watched Eyes Wide Shut movie trailer in Redondo Beach,CA for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Eyes-Wide-Shut.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:36:06	Someone watched The Devil and Daniel Johnston movie trailer in Helsinki,Finland at http://zuguide.com/The-Devil-and-Daniel-Johnston.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:12:38	Someone watched Pearl Harbor movie trailer in Diyarbakir,Turkey for 165 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pearl-Harbor.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:09:50	Someone watched Scream 3 movie trailer in Craiova,Romania for 66 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-3.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 11:08:20	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in Mountlake Terrace,WA for 185 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:55:17	Someone watched The Shawshank Redemption movie trailer in Singapore,Singapore at http://zuguide.com/The-Shawshank-Redemption.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:51:09	Someone watched Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem movie trailer in Amersfoort,Netherlands at http://zuguide.com/Aliens-vs-Predator-Requiem.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:48:21	Someone watched Boys Don&#39;t Cry movie trailer in Cordoba,Spain for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Boys-Dont-Cry.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:29:42	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Ho Chi Minh City,Vietnam for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:19:59	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in   Saudi Arabia for 73 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:15:13	Someone watched The Lost World: Jurassic Park movie trailer in Dhaka,Bangladesh at http://zuguide.com/The-Lost-World-Jurassic-Park.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:13:43	Someone watched Scent of a Woman movie trailer in Seoul,Korea, Republic of for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scent-of-a-Woman.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:11:44	Someone watched Into the Wild movie trailer in Turin,Italy for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Into-the-Wild.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:09:58	Someone watched State of Grace movie trailer in Kashiwa,Japan for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/State-of-Grace.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:06:48	Someone watched X-Men: The Last Stand movie trailer in Oldebroek,Netherlands at http://zuguide.com/X-Men-The-Last-Stand.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 10:05:09	Someone watched Entrapment movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Entrapment.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 09:45:45	Someone watched From Dusk Till Dawn movie trailer in Lublin,Poland for 91 seconds at http://zuguide.com/From-Dusk-Till-Dawn.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 09:29:48	Someone watched District B13 movie trailer in Perth,Australia for 63 seconds at http://zuguide.com/District-B13.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 09:16:23	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 09:14:37	Someone watched The Dukes of Hazzard movie trailer in Kuala Lumpur,Malaysia for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dukes-of-Hazzard.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 09:03:18	Someone watched Relative Strangers movie trailer in New Westminster,Canada for 95 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Relative-Strangers.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 09:01:10	Someone watched Excalibur movie trailer in Sherman Oaks,CA for 88 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Excalibur.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:58:45	Someone watched Rain Man movie trailer in Arlington,TX for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rain-Man.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:54:04	Someone watched Fast Times at Ridgemont High movie trailer in Budapest,Hungary at http://zuguide.com/Fast-Times-at-Ridgemont-High.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:48:19	Someone watched The 13th Warrior movie trailer in Stockholm,Sweden for 112 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-13th-Warrior.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:46:37	Someone watched Entrapment movie trailer in Hyderabad,India for 119 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Entrapment.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:44:02	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Manila,Philippines for 61 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:40:11	Someone watched The Outsiders movie trailer in Caldwell,ID for 64 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Outsiders.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:38:10	Someone watched From Dusk Till Dawn movie trailer in Vallejo,CA for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/From-Dusk-Till-Dawn.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:36:28	Someone watched The Age of Innocence movie trailer in Sydney,Australia for 60 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Age-of-Innocence.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:33:22	Someone watched Kalifornia movie trailer in Tokyo,Japan for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kalifornia.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:30:26	Someone watched The Living Daylights movie trailer in Erzurum,Turkey for 81 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Living-Daylights.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:28:53	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Faisalabad,Pakistan for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:26:39	Someone watched The Cell movie trailer in Canoga Park,CA for 109 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Cell.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:23:23	Someone watched Lost in Translation movie trailer in Eysines,France for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lost-in-Translation.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:16:07	Someone watched Beyond a Reasonable Doubt movie trailer in Slidell,LA for 95 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Beyond-a-Reasonable-Doubt.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:12:53	Someone watched Great Expectations movie trailer in Reseda,CA for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Great-Expectations.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:09:38	Someone watched 10 Things I Hate About You movie trailer in Woerden,Netherlands at http://zuguide.com/10-Things-I-Hate-About-You.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:05:52	Someone watched The Firm movie trailer in Vancouver,Canada for 65 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Firm.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:04:11	Someone watched The Last Kiss movie trailer in Miami,FL for 61 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Last-Kiss.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 08:00:27	Someone watched 30 Days of Night movie trailer in New Delhi,India for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/30-Days-of-Night.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:54:26	Someone watched One Night at McCool&#39;s movie trailer in   Belarus for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/One-Night-at-McCools.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:38:42	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Sialkot,Pakistan for 140 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:36:16	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in Bucharest,Romania for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:29:37	Someone watched Redbelt movie trailer in Cape Town,South Africa for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Redbelt.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:27:07	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in Lahore,Pakistan for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:24:34	Someone watched Heathers movie trailer in Hollywood,FL for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Heathers.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:21:39	Someone watched Mr. Deeds movie trailer in Mindoro,WI for 60 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mr-Deeds.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:20:04	Someone watched Repo! The Genetic Opera movie trailer in Sumare,Brazil for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Repo-The-Genetic-Opera.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:18:09	Someone watched The Forgotten movie trailer in Alaharma,Finland for 99 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Forgotten.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:09:30	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:03:52	Someone watched A Cinderella Story movie trailer in Yongsan,Korea, Republic of at http://zuguide.com/A-Cinderella-Story.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:02:11	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Male,Maldives for 118 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 07:00:34	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Zabrze,Poland for 119 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:55:58	Someone watched Fierce People movie trailer in   United States for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fierce-People.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:50:02	Someone watched 2001: A Space Odyssey movie trailer in Brisbane,Australia for 99 seconds at http://zuguide.com/2001-A-Space-Odyssey.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:47:53	Someone watched Paul Blart: Mall Cop movie trailer in   United States for 88 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Paul-Blart-Mall-Cop.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:44:26	Someone watched Halloween H20: 20 Years Later movie trailer in Niles,IL at http://zuguide.com/Halloween-H20-20-Years-Later.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:40:25	Someone watched 10 Items or Less movie trailer in   United States for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/10-Items-or-Less.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:37:58	Someone watched Rear Window movie trailer in Round Rock,TX for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rear-Window.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:30:07	Someone watched Batman Forever movie trailer in Arteaga,Mexico for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Batman-Forever.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:26:15	Someone watched 13 Going on 30 movie trailer in Nepean,Canada for 85 seconds at http://zuguide.com/13-Going-on-30.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:24:13	Someone watched Breakfast at Tiffany&#39;s movie trailer in Brea,CA for 157 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Breakfast-at-Tiffanys.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:18:05	Someone watched The Girl Next Door movie trailer in   United States for 69 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Girl-Next-Door.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:07:20	Someone watched American Dreamz movie trailer in   United States for 91 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-Dreamz.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 06:00:57	Someone watched He Got Game movie trailer in Darwin,Australia for 123 seconds at http://zuguide.com/He-Got-Game.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:52:15	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Montreal,Canada for 62 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:46:38	Someone watched Picture Perfect movie trailer in Toronto,Canada for 145 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Picture-Perfect.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:44:41	Someone watched Enter the Dragon movie trailer in Virginia Beach,VA for 415 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Enter-the-Dragon.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:41:52	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:39:10	Someone watched Unfaithful movie trailer in Male,Maldives for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Unfaithful.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:30:15	Someone watched Mission to Mars movie trailer in Guin,AL for 134 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mission-to-Mars.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:28:35	Someone watched The Girl Next Door movie trailer in Porto,Portugal for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Girl-Next-Door.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 05:24:14	Someone watched The Girlfriend Experience movie trailer in Jakarta,Indonesia at http://zuguide.com/The-Girlfriend-Experience.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 04:58:25	Someone watched Never Been Kissed movie trailer in Lanus,Argentina for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Never-Been-Kissed.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 04:43:27	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Madras,India for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 04:21:12	Someone watched The Proposal movie trailer in Spokane,WA for 60 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Proposal.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 04:19:42	Someone watched Failure to Launch movie trailer in Warwick,United Kingdom for 150 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Failure-to-Launch.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 04:17:54	Someone watched Batman &amp; Robin movie trailer in Memphis,TN for 147 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Batman-and-Robin.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 04:15:54	Someone watched The Core movie trailer in Worcester,MA for 151 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Core.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 03:49:34	Someone watched The Karate Kid movie trailer in Sandy,UT for 88 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Karate-Kid.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 03:41:32	Someone watched Maria Full of Grace movie trailer in Konya,Turkey for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Maria-Full-of-Grace.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 03:19:03	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in Bangalore,India for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 03:17:16	Someone watched Amistad movie trailer in Vancouver,Canada for 151 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Amistad.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 03:11:09	Someone watched Knocked Up movie trailer in London,United Kingdom for 145 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Knocked-Up.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 02:55:08	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Tarakan,Indonesia for 101 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 02:21:06	Someone watched Clerks. movie trailer in Sisli,Turkey for 74 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clerks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 02:19:02	Someone watched Dumbo movie trailer in Montevideo,Uruguay for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dumbo.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 02:13:13	Someone watched Permanent Midnight movie trailer in Oldenzaal,Netherlands for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Permanent-Midnight.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 02:07:56	Someone watched The Rocketeer movie trailer in Marrickville,Australia for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Rocketeer.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:55:54	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Naucalpan,Mexico for 95 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:47:27	Someone watched Gremlins 2: The New Batch movie trailer in Novi Sad,Serbia at http://zuguide.com/Gremlins-2-The-New-Batch.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:45:36	Someone watched The Princess Bride movie trailer in Melbourne,Australia for 137 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Princess-Bride.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:43:19	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Alexandria,Egypt for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:39:23	Someone watched The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie movie trailer in Lakeland,FL at http://zuguide.com/The-SpongeBob-SquarePants-Movie.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:37:26	Someone watched Nikita movie trailer in Greenwich,Australia for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Nikita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:35:00	Someone watched Jane Eyre movie trailer in Rock Springs,WY for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jane-Eyre.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:31:14	Someone watched 3:10 to Yuma movie trailer in Montaudin,France for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/310-to-Yuma.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:15:16	Someone watched Stand by Me movie trailer in Saint Catharines,Canada for 74 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Stand-by-Me.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:11:05	Someone watched Back to the Future Part III movie trailer in Pleasanton,CA at http://zuguide.com/Back-to-the-Future-Part-III.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:06:12	Someone watched When a Stranger Calls movie trailer in Jiddah,Saudi Arabia for 71 seconds at http://zuguide.com/When-a-Stranger-Calls.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 01:04:17	Someone watched The Notebook movie trailer in   Samoa for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Notebook.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:56:13	Someone watched Underworld: Rise of the Lycans movie trailer for 133 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Underworld-Rise-of-the-Lycans.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:54:09	Someone watched Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls movie trailer in Londrina,Brazil at http://zuguide.com/Ace-Ventura-When-Nature-Calls.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:52:07	Someone watched Edward Scissorhands movie trailer in Brea,CA for 230 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Edward-Scissorhands.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:48:43	Someone watched The Merchant of Venice movie trailer in Barrie,Canada for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Merchant-of-Venice.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:46:57	Someone watched My Blueberry Nights movie trailer in Alameda,CA for 67 seconds at http://zuguide.com/My-Blueberry-Nights.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:41:01	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in Bronx,NY for 205 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:39:14	Someone watched The Last King of Scotland movie trailer in Wellington,New Zealand at http://zuguide.com/The-Last-King-of-Scotland.html
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:35:11	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Detroit,MI for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:26:52	Someone watched Gremlins 2: The New Batch movie trailer in Stillwater,OK at http://zuguide.com/Gremlins-2-The-New-Batch.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-31 00:03:44	Someone watched Stick It movie trailer in Koog Aan De Zaan,Netherlands for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Stick-It.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:47:33	Someone watched The Mask of Zorro movie trailer in Zonguldak,Turkey for 192 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Mask-of-Zorro.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:45:27	Someone watched 10 Items or Less movie trailer in Lerdala,Sweden for 91 seconds at http://zuguide.com/10-Items-or-Less.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:43:08	Someone watched Down in the Valley movie trailer in Rio De Janeiro,Brazil for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Down-in-the-Valley.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:38:17	Someone watched Assassins movie trailer in Bogota,Colombia for 163 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Assassins.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:34:07	Someone watched The Princess Bride movie trailer in Rochester,NY for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Princess-Bride.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:25:15	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Cairo,Egypt for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:20:28	Someone watched Jurassic Park III movie trailer in Victoria,Canada for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jurassic-Park-III.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:18:56	Someone watched Excalibur movie trailer in Vienna,Austria for 62 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Excalibur.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:15:40	Someone watched When in Rome movie trailer in Muncie,IN for 202 seconds at http://zuguide.com/When-in-Rome.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:13:16	Someone watched Foxfire movie trailer in Curitiba,Brazil for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Foxfire.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:11:24	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Framingham,MA for 104 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 23:08:57	Someone watched Mission: Impossible II movie trailer in   Brazil for 106 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mission-Impossible-II.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:48:51	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Helwan,Egypt for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:43:57	Someone watched Battle Royale movie trailer in Royal Oak,MI for 63 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Battle-Royale.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:41:58	Someone watched Gladiator movie trailer in Toronto,Canada for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gladiator.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:34:04	Someone watched District B13 movie trailer in Srpska,Bosnia and Herzegovina for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/District-B13.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:29:42	Someone watched He Got Game movie trailer in Grove City,PA for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/He-Got-Game.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:27:56	Someone watched Braveheart movie trailer in Adana,Turkey for 168 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Braveheart.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:24:37	Someone watched The Wizard of Oz movie trailer in Calgary,Canada for 109 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Wizard-of-Oz.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:17:28	Someone watched He Got Game movie trailer in Portsmouth,NH for 122 seconds at http://zuguide.com/He-Got-Game.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:15:54	Someone watched 27 Dresses movie trailer in   United States for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/27-Dresses.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:13:31	Someone watched Step Up 2 the Streets movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Step-Up-2-the-Streets.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:11:58	Someone watched Amistad movie trailer in Milan,Italy for 113 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Amistad.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:07:45	Someone watched Coach Carter movie trailer in Lima,Peru for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Coach-Carter.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:04:48	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in Shiraz,Iran, Islamic Republic of for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:02:44	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Hamburg,Germany for 55 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 22:00:37	Someone watched Clerks. movie trailer in Hinesville,GA for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clerks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:58:52	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in Ormeau,Australia at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:53:11	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in Bucharest,Romania for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:50:28	Someone watched The Virgin Suicides movie trailer in   United Kingdom for 67 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Virgin-Suicides.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:48:57	Someone watched Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas movie trailer in Bacau,Romania at http://zuguide.com/Fear-and-Loathing-in-Las-Vegas.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:25:18	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Dallas,GA for 52 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:18:21	Someone watched Jurassic Park III movie trailer in Temuco,Chile for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jurassic-Park-III.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:15:31	Someone watched Jaws movie trailer in Saint Andrews,Canada for 105 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jaws.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 21:13:44	Someone watched The Last Picture Show movie trailer in Mount Pleasant,IA for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Last-Picture-Show.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:57:52	Someone watched The Hidden movie trailer in   Bulgaria for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Hidden.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:55:11	Someone watched Wayne&#39;s World 2 movie trailer in Skogas,Sweden for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Waynes-World-2.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:52:22	Someone watched The Truman Show movie trailer in   Israel for 150 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Truman-Show.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:48:42	Someone watched Wayne&#39;s World movie trailer in Scarborough,Canada for 126 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Waynes-World.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:46:58	Someone watched Employee of the Month movie trailer in Chelmsford,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Employee-of-the-Month.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:45:13	Someone watched Dead Man Walking movie trailer in Dacula,GA for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dead-Man-Walking.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:43:27	Someone watched The Merchant of Venice movie trailer in Ashdod,Israel for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Merchant-of-Venice.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:41:13	Someone watched Failure to Launch movie trailer in Kecskemet,Hungary for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Failure-to-Launch.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:39:23	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Uzice,Serbia for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:36:43	Someone watched Kids movie trailer in   Argentina for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kids.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:34:43	Someone watched 17 Again movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/17-Again.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:31:39	Someone watched The Thomas Crown Affair movie trailer in Spring,TX for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Thomas-Crown-Affair.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:27:52	Someone watched The Man with the Golden Gun movie trailer in Turku,Finland at http://zuguide.com/The-Man-with-the-Golden-Gun.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:22:30	Someone watched An American in Paris movie trailer in Lisbon,Portugal for 152 seconds at http://zuguide.com/An-American-in-Paris.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:20:24	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:15:08	Someone watched Dead Man Walking movie trailer in   Mexico for 147 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dead-Man-Walking.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 20:11:05	Someone watched Stealth movie trailer in Kingston,Jamaica for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Stealth.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 19:55:27	Someone watched The 40 Year Old Virgin movie trailer in New Delhi,India for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-40-Year-Old-Virgin.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 19:42:23	Someone watched Eyes Wide Shut movie trailer in Molndal,Sweden for 63 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Eyes-Wide-Shut.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 19:40:48	Someone watched Charlie&#39;s Angels movie trailer in   Italy for 149 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Charlies-Angels.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 19:37:15	Someone watched Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines movie trailer in Palma,Spain at http://zuguide.com/Terminator-3-Rise-of-the-Machines.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 19:35:28	Someone watched Cat&#39;s Eye movie trailer in Torbay,Canada for 80 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cats-Eye.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 19:33:35	Someone watched Three Kings movie trailer in Parede,Portugal for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Three-Kings.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 19:05:04	Someone watched The Last Legion movie trailer in Brussels,Belgium for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Last-Legion.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:47:37	Someone watched Diamonds Are Forever movie trailer in Sutton Coldfield,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Diamonds-Are-Forever.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:33:04	Someone watched The Hurricane movie trailer in Worcester,MA for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Hurricane.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:27:03	Someone watched Dead Man Walking movie trailer in Camaiore,Italy for 62 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Dead-Man-Walking.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:25:25	Someone watched Hook movie trailer in Oshkosh,WI for 114 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hook.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:22:27	Someone watched Of Love and Shadows movie trailer in San Antonio,TX for 107 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Of-Love-and-Shadows.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:20:50	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Riyadh,Saudi Arabia for 52 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:10:34	Someone watched Gone with the Wind movie trailer in Fort Myers,FL for 80 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gone-with-the-Wind.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 18:08:25	Someone watched 17 Again movie trailer in Newport,United Kingdom for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/17-Again.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:56:32	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in   Egypt for 141 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:54:43	Someone watched The Hills Have Eyes movie trailer in   United States for 141 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Hills-Have-Eyes.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:46:42	Someone watched Clerks. movie trailer in Bergen,Norway for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clerks.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:43:20	Someone watched The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie movie trailer in Nassau,Bahamas at http://zuguide.com/The-SpongeBob-SquarePants-Movie.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:16:23	Someone watched American Pie 2 movie trailer for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-Pie-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:12:32	Someone watched A Christmas Carol movie trailer in Minatitlan,Mexico for 100 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Christmas-Carol.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:10:45	Someone watched Casanova movie trailer in Ankara,Turkey for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Casanova.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 17:06:37	Someone watched American Dreamz movie trailer in Middelburg,Netherlands for 109 seconds at http://zuguide.com/American-Dreamz.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 16:51:41	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Fort Worth,TX for 59 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 16:49:07	Someone watched Fired Up movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 70 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fired-Up.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 16:47:36	Someone watched Scarecrow movie trailer in Rio De Janeiro,Brazil for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scarecrow.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 16:28:41	Someone watched Boys Don&#39;t Cry movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Boys-Dont-Cry.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 16:26:57	Someone watched Congo movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 143 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Congo.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:58:44	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Palm Harbor,FL for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:55:59	Someone watched Braveheart movie trailer in Seoul,Korea, Republic of for 170 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Braveheart.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:50:31	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in   Netherlands at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:44:58	Someone watched Catch-22 movie trailer in Hove,United Kingdom for 194 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Catch-22.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:40:16	Someone watched The Devil Wears Prada movie trailer in Kaposmero,Hungary for 175 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Devil-Wears-Prada.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:28:40	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in   Sri Lanka for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:20:27	Someone watched The Animal movie trailer in   Kenya for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Animal.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 15:18:23	Someone watched The Black Balloon movie trailer in Seoul,Korea, Republic of for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Black-Balloon.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:52:17	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Coimbatore,India for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:50:28	Someone watched Bend It Like Beckham movie trailer in Warwick,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/Bend-It-Like-Beckham.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:47:37	Someone watched Lonely Hearts movie trailer in Koln,Germany for 102 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lonely-Hearts.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:45:43	Someone watched The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie movie trailer in Westbury,NY at http://zuguide.com/The-SpongeBob-SquarePants-Movie.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:33:35	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Berlin,Germany for 148 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:31:42	Someone watched Coraline movie trailer in   Indonesia for 146 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Coraline.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:26:57	Someone watched 10,000 B.C. movie trailer in West Wickham,United Kingdom for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/10000-BC.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 14:04:10	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in Mazsalaca,Latvia for 254 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:59:34	Someone watched Terminator 2: Judgment Day movie trailer in Kahramanmaras,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/Terminator-2-Judgment-Day.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:56:31	Someone watched Titanic movie trailer in Tehran,Iran, Islamic Republic of for 250 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Titanic.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:48:19	Someone watched Creation movie trailer in Nellore,India for 53 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Creation.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:42:05	Someone watched Commando movie trailer in Islamabad,Pakistan for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Commando.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:36:42	Someone watched Snow Angels movie trailer in   Malta for 56 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Snow-Angels.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:34:28	Someone watched The Notebook movie trailer in Thorishaus,Switzerland for 136 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Notebook.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:30:22	Someone watched The Mask of Zorro movie trailer in Ashgrove,Australia for 151 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Mask-of-Zorro.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:28:49	Someone watched E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial movie trailer in Hunedoara,Romania at http://zuguide.com/ET-the-Extra-Terrestrial.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:15:12	Someone watched The Fountain movie trailer in   Turkey for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Fountain.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:12:26	Someone watched Serpico movie trailer in Constanta,Romania for 242 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Serpico.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 13:09:32	Someone watched Twelve Monkeys movie trailer in Cachan,France for 139 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Twelve-Monkeys.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:48:44	Someone watched Face/Off movie trailer in Lancing,United Kingdom for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Face-Off.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:30:27	Someone watched The American President movie trailer in Bangkok,Thailand for 173 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-American-President.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:28:52	Someone watched Unbreakable movie trailer in Veyre-monton,France for 128 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Unbreakable.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:27:03	Someone watched Catch-22 movie trailer in Greifswald,Germany for 164 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Catch-22.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:25:15	Someone watched Superman II movie trailer in Tallinn,Estonia for 137 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Superman-II.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:21:24	Someone watched The Girl Next Door movie trailer in Tehran,Iran, Islamic Republic of at http://zuguide.com/The-Girl-Next-Door.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:17:55	Someone watched Batman &amp; Robin movie trailer in Tehran,Iran, Islamic Republic of at http://zuguide.com/Batman-and-Robin.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:15:23	Someone watched Scream 2 movie trailer in Berlin,Germany for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 12:00:39	Someone watched Charlie&#39;s Angels movie trailer in Surakarta,Indonesia for 139 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Charlies-Angels.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:56:06	Someone watched Little Children movie trailer in Calcutta,India for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Little-Children.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:46:59	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Eskisehir,Turkey for 152 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:44:31	Someone watched Donnie Darko movie trailer in Manisa,Turkey for 66 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Donnie-Darko.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:42:01	Someone watched Kingpin movie trailer in Horten,Norway for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kingpin.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:39:31	Someone watched Cat&#39;s Eye movie trailer in Wamel,Netherlands for 72 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cats-Eye.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:35:08	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Seremban,Malaysia for 138 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:30:36	Someone watched Pearl Harbor movie trailer in Porto,Portugal for 173 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pearl-Harbor.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:28:44	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in   Serbia for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:27:11	Someone watched French Kiss movie trailer in Djelfa,Algeria for 122 seconds at http://zuguide.com/French-Kiss.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:24:55	Someone watched The Mask movie trailer in Pitesti,Romania for 106 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Mask.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:20:07	Someone watched Bloodsport movie trailer in   Finland for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Bloodsport.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:14:30	Someone watched A Cinderella Story movie trailer in South Ockendon,United Kingdom at http://zuguide.com/A-Cinderella-Story.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 11:02:07	Someone watched The Great Escape movie trailer in   Thailand for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Great-Escape.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:59:40	Someone watched The Mask of Zorro movie trailer in Corum,Turkey for 52 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Mask-of-Zorro.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:57:18	Someone watched PCU movie trailer in Oakland,CA for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/PCU.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:43:11	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in   United Kingdom for 60 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:41:04	Someone watched Clueless movie trailer in Dhaka,Bangladesh for 90 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Clueless.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:37:05	Someone watched Basic Instinct movie trailer in Moscow,Russian Federation for 134 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Basic-Instinct.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:32:19	Someone watched The Machinist movie trailer in Sacramento,CA for 63 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Machinist.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:23:19	Someone watched Scream movie trailer in Utrecht,Netherlands for 112 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Scream.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:18:27	Someone watched Meet the Browns movie trailer in Gostar,Iran, Islamic Republic of at http://zuguide.com/Meet-the-Browns.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:16:55	Someone watched Sunshine movie trailer in Belmont,CA for 119 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Sunshine.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:08:32	Someone watched Gone in Sixty Seconds movie trailer in   South Africa for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gone-in-Sixty-Seconds.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 10:04:03	Someone watched Cast Away movie trailer in   United States for 135 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Cast-Away.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:59:53	Someone watched The World Is Not Enough movie trailer in San Antonio,TX for 118 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-World-Is-Not-Enough.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:41:34	Someone watched Kiss the Girls movie trailer in Sharjah,United Arab Emirates for 55 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kiss-the-Girls.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:33:04	Someone watched Pride &amp; Prejudice movie trailer in Arlon,Belgium for 66 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pride-and-Prejudice.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:33:04	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Sydney,Australia for 92 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:29:53	Someone watched Troy movie trailer in Ferrara,Italy for 121 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Troy.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:17:08	Someone watched The Cell movie trailer in Seoul,Korea, Republic of for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Cell.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:13:59	Someone watched Before Sunrise movie trailer in Kingston,Canada for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Before-Sunrise.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:06:31	Someone watched Rain Man movie trailer in Longueuil,Canada for 134 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rain-Man.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:04:43	Someone watched Kids movie trailer in San Francisco,CA for 65 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Kids.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 09:02:25	Someone watched Varsity Blues movie trailer in   Oman for 129 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Varsity-Blues.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:59:46	Someone watched Varsity Blues movie trailer in Albany,NY for 144 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Varsity-Blues.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:55:55	Someone watched The Haunting of Molly Hartley movie trailer in Istanbul,Turkey at http://zuguide.com/The-Haunting-of-Molly-Hartley.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:54:04	Someone watched The Specialist movie trailer in Jakarta,Indonesia for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Specialist.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:40:21	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Diyarbakir,Turkey for 114 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:34:43	Someone watched He Got Game movie trailer in   Ukraine for 52 seconds at http://zuguide.com/He-Got-Game.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:30:48	Someone watched The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly movie trailer in   Turkey at http://zuguide.com/The-Good-the-Bad-and-the-Ugly.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:26:41	Someone watched Moonraker movie trailer in Erzurum,Turkey for 197 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Moonraker.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:24:46	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in Calamba,Philippines for 79 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:18:48	Someone watched Hamlet movie trailer in Sydney,Australia for 51 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hamlet.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:05:48	Someone watched Perfume: The Story of a Murderer movie trailer in Toronto,Canada at http://zuguide.com/Perfume-The-Story-of-a-Murderer.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 08:03:47	Someone watched Spider-Man 2 movie trailer in   India for 105 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Spider-Man-2.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 07:48:09	Someone watched The Girlfriend Experience movie trailer in Seattle,WA for 124 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Girlfriend-Experience.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 07:46:00	Someone watched Diamonds Are Forever movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 142 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Diamonds-Are-Forever.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 07:44:10	Someone watched The Dreamlife of Angels movie trailer in Spartanburg,SC for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dreamlife-of-Angels.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 07:22:49	Someone watched Of Love and Shadows movie trailer in Wenatchee,WA for 97 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Of-Love-and-Shadows.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 07:21:19	Someone watched Employee of the Month movie trailer in Hanoi,Vietnam for 98 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Employee-of-the-Month.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 07:16:49	Someone watched The Treasure of the Sierra Madre movie trailer in Memphis,TN at http://zuguide.com/The-Treasure-of-the-Sierra-Madre.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:59:58	Someone watched The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas movie trailer in Thagoona,Australia at http://zuguide.com/The-Boy-in-the-Striped-Pyjamas.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:55:17	Someone watched Why Do Fools Fall in Love movie trailer in Tijuana,Mexico at http://zuguide.com/Why-Do-Fools-Fall-in-Love.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:48:43	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Iloilo,Philippines for 60 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:42:11	Someone watched Ghost movie trailer in Melbourne,Australia for 50 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:40:15	Someone watched JFK movie trailer in Houston,TX for 87 seconds at http://zuguide.com/JFK.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:36:17	Someone watched Rent movie trailer in Brentwood,NY for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Rent.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:18:21	Someone watched Boys Don&#39;t Cry movie trailer in Houston,TX for 101 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Boys-Dont-Cry.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:16:08	Someone watched Enter the Dragon movie trailer in Van Wert,IA for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Enter-the-Dragon.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:12:46	Someone watched French Kiss movie trailer in Mumbai,India for 125 seconds at http://zuguide.com/French-Kiss.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:09:34	Someone watched Gridiron Gang movie trailer in Sydney,Australia for 150 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Gridiron-Gang.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 06:03:22	Someone watched Pee-wee&#39;s Big Adventure movie trailer in Brownsville,TX at http://zuguide.com/Pee-wees-Big-Adventure.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 05:53:31	Someone watched The Dirty Dozen movie trailer in Huntington Beach,CA for 190 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dirty-Dozen.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 05:51:49	Someone watched Alvin and the Chipmunks movie trailer in   Japan for 119 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Alvin-and-the-Chipmunks.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 05:37:48	Someone watched Aeon Flux movie trailer in Winter Park,FL for 132 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Aeon-Flux.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 05:23:40	Someone watched Hulk movie trailer in   Peru for 46 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hulk.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 05:18:16	Someone watched A Cinderella Story movie trailer in Glen Burnie,MD for 55 seconds at http://zuguide.com/A-Cinderella-Story.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 05:02:31	Someone watched Fugitive Pieces movie trailer in Garza Garcia,Mexico for 93 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Fugitive-Pieces.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:59:59	Someone watched Zoolander movie trailer in Toronto,Canada for 158 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Zoolander.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:58:08	Someone watched Wet Hot American Summer movie trailer in Vancouver,WA for 103 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Wet-Hot-American-Summer.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:50:22	Someone watched The Jerk movie trailer in Omaha,NE for 113 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Jerk.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:43:16	Someone watched Hamlet movie trailer in Santiago,Chile for 86 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hamlet.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:41:31	Someone watched Hostel: Part II movie trailer in Parramatta,Australia for 75 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Hostel-Part-II.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:39:00	Someone watched Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas movie trailer in Fargo,ND at http://zuguide.com/Fear-and-Loathing-in-Las-Vegas.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:36:28	Someone watched Sleepover movie trailer in Delmar,MD for 58 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Sleepover.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:34:26	Someone watched The Lost World: Jurassic Park movie trailer in Crawfordville,FL at http://zuguide.com/The-Lost-World-Jurassic-Park.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:32:25	Someone watched Remember the Titans movie trailer in Lincoln Park,MI for 74 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Remember-the-Titans.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:30:39	Someone watched You Don&#39;t Mess with the Zohan movie trailer in   United States at http://zuguide.com/You-Dont-Mess-with-the-Zohan.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 04:25:32	Someone watched Mister Foe movie trailer in Veracruz,Mexico for 77 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mister-Foe.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:58:35	Someone watched Four Weddings and a Funeral movie trailer in Seoul,Korea, Republic of at http://zuguide.com/Four-Weddings-and-a-Funeral.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:55:57	Someone watched Ghost Rider movie trailer in Texcoco,Mexico for 105 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Ghost-Rider.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:49:24	Someone watched The Outlaw Josey Wales movie trailer in Columbia,TN for 131 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Outlaw-Josey-Wales.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:47:36	Someone watched Accepted movie trailer in   United States for 89 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Accepted.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:40:58	Someone watched Nikita movie trailer in Ringebu,Norway for 130 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Nikita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:13:07	Someone watched Pan&#39;s Labyrinth movie trailer in Denver,CO for 65 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Pans-Labyrinth.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:09:50	Someone watched Troy movie trailer in Athens,AL for 99 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Troy.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 03:02:08	Someone watched The World Is Not Enough movie trailer in London,Canada for 99 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-World-Is-Not-Enough.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:49:06	Someone watched Mermaids movie trailer in Cambridge,Canada for 133 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Mermaids.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:47:20	Someone watched Jindabyne movie trailer in Templestowe Lower,Australia for 118 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jindabyne.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:33:45	Someone watched The Dukes of Hazzard movie trailer in Villahermosa,Mexico for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Dukes-of-Hazzard.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:19:21	Someone watched Black Hawk Down movie trailer in Tulsa,OK for 127 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Black-Hawk-Down.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:12:10	Someone watched What&#39;s Eating Gilbert Grape movie trailer in Santa Clara,CA at http://zuguide.com/Whats-Eating-Gilbert-Grape.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:10:03	Someone watched King Kong movie trailer in Goiania,Brazil for 145 seconds at http://zuguide.com/King-Kong.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:02:57	Someone watched She&#39;s the Man movie trailer in Melbourne,Australia for 94 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Shes-the-Man.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 02:00:02	Someone watched Lonely Hearts movie trailer in Algiers,Algeria for 100 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lonely-Hearts.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:55:03	Someone watched Jumanji movie trailer in Prineville,OR for 48 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jumanji.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:53:01	Someone watched The Spiderwick Chronicles movie trailer in Stockton,CA for 45 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Spiderwick-Chronicles.html
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:37:29	Someone watched The Girl Next Door movie trailer in Queens Village,NY for 100 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Girl-Next-Door.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:35:23	Someone watched Norbit movie trailer in Rockville Centre,NY for 66 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Norbit.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:28:23	Someone watched Lolita movie trailer in Miami,FL for 49 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Lolita.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:25:01	Someone watched Semi-Pro movie trailer in Athens,Greece for 68 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Semi-Pro.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:23:25	Someone watched Yes Man movie trailer in   United States for 84 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Yes-Man.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:21:22	Someone watched Y Tu Mama Tambien movie trailer in Dublin,Ireland for 83 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Y-Tu-Mama-Tambien.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 01:00:50	Someone watched Addams Family Values movie trailer in Appleton,WI for 120 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Addams-Family-Values.html #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 00:58:21	Someone watched Grandma&#39;s Boy movie trailer in   United States for 134 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Grandmas-Boy.html on zuguide
zuguide	2011-05-30 00:50:24	Someone watched Jumanji movie trailer in Libertyville,IL for 147 seconds at http://zuguide.com/Jumanji.html on zuguide #movies
zuguide	2011-05-30 00:48:28	Someone watched The Mask movie trailer in Fort Payne,AL for 99 seconds at http://zuguide.com/The-Mask.html on zuguide #movies
